added documentation for BTS-1249 (#1291)
arangodb/docs: 3.10/security-security-options.md

The following options are available for controlling the installation of Foxx applications
in an ArangoDB server:

- `--foxx.enable`:
  If set to `false`, this option disables access to any user-defined Foxx apps.

>   Accessing the URL of any (existing or potentially existing) Foxx app will produce an
>   HTTP 403 Forbidden error with this setting.

Reviewer: Not sure how we should format error codes in general. In this specific case, it could also be inline code for the part you would actually see in the HTTP request.
```suggestion
  Accessing the URL of any (existing or potentially existing) Foxx app produces an
  HTTP **403 Forbidden** error with this setting.
```

Reviewer 2: In the Google style guide, it is recommended to use inline codes for error codes/status codes.

>   ArangoDB's built-in web interface and all built-in REST APIs will remain accessible,
>   except the Foxx service management API, which will make it impossible to install and 
>   uninstall Foxx applications. Setting the option to `false` will also deactivate the 
>   "Services" section in the web interface (introduced in: v3.10.5).

Reviewer: Should we write **Services** or **SERVICES**, latter matching what you actually see in the UI? And is this consistent with how we refer to the navigation entries if we say "section"?

```suggestion
  ArangoDB's built-in web interface and all built-in REST APIs remain accessible,
  except the Foxx service management API, which makes it impossible to install and
  uninstall Foxx applications. Setting the option to `false` also deactivates the 
  **SERVICES** section in the web interface (introduced in: v3.10.5).
```

Reviewer 2: We should be consistent with the UI.
